
"This is a quote from pdf that explains the project"



Introduction
In this project, you will implement a client-server application for establishing mechanisms for 
a secure and authenticated distributed file system. In this system, there will be three instances 
of Server module and an arbitrary amount of instances of a Client module.


The Server module:

- collects files from anonymous clients in encrypted way and acknowledge them by 
returning a digital signature (first step of the project);
- distributes the files received from clients to the other servers in a secure and 
authenticated way in order to replicate the file system in a distributed manner (second 
step of the project);
-  sends the requested files to clients in an authenticated way via digital signatures 
(second step of the project).
-  One of the servers is designated as the Master Server. The task of this Master Server is 
to securely distribute session key to the other servers at the beginning and whenever a 
disconnection occurs (first step of the project).



The Client module:

- connects to a Server in order to upload file(s) in encrypted way (first step of the 
project);
-  requests files from any Server and downloads in authenticated way via digital 
signatures (second step of the project).

Roughly, session key distribution among the servers, starting up the servers, security 
configurations (loading the keys), secure file upload by clients and server acknowledgment of 
receipt constitute the first step of the project. The rest is the second step.
You should design and implement a user-friendly and functional graphical user interface 
(GUI) for client and server programs. In both of the steps, all activities and data generated by 
server and client should be reported in text fields at their GUIs. These include (but not limited 
to):

- RSA public and private keys in hexadecimal format
- AES keys and IVs (all keying material) in hexadecimal format
- Digital signatures in hexadecimal format
- Client/server disconnections
- Verification results (digital signatures, HMAC verifications)
- File transfer operations and file details (such as names)
- HMAC values, session keys, etc. in hexadecimal format

